Adding several improvements to readme (#1084)
camunda/camunda-platform: README.md

## Using Docker Compose

### Prerequisites
	•	Docker Compose: Version 1.27.0+ (supports the [latest compose specification](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/) ).
	•	Docker: Version 20.10.16+.
	•	Add keycloak to resolve to 127.0.0.1 on your local machine, and set KEYCLOAK_HOST to `keycloak` in the `.env` file for token refresh and logout functionality.

### Setting Up

To spin up a  Camunda Platform 8 Self-Managed environment locally you can use the following docker compose configuration files:
 - [docker-compose.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file contains all Camunda 8 Components for a full stack deployment: Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, Connectors, Optimize, Identity, Elasticsearch, Keycloak, Web Modeler, PostgreSQL
 - [docker-compose-core.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file contains  Camunda 8 Orchestration cluster components: Zeebe, Tasklist, Operate, Optimize, Identity and Connectors

>  - [docker-compose-web-modeler.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file contains Camunda 8 Web Modeler standalone installation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [docker-compose-web-modeler.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file contains Camunda 8 Web Modeler for modeling without Play or an orchestration cluster
```

 - [docker-compose-core.yaml](docker-compose.yaml): Deploys Camunda 8 Orchestration Cluster Components: Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, Connectors, Optimize, Identity
 - [docker-compose-web-modeler.yaml](docker-compose.yaml): Contains Camunda 8 Web Modeler for modeling purposes only - without Play or any Orchestration Cluster Components

To start a complete Camunda Platform 8 Self-Managed environment locally:
1. Clone this repository.
1. Run:
   ```bash
   docker compose up -d
   ```
1. Wait a few minutes for the environment to start up. Monitor the logs, especially the Keycloak container, to ensure the components have started.

Navigate to the different web apps and log in with the user `demo` and password `demo`:
- Operate: [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)
- Tasklist: [http://localhost:8082](http://localhost:8082)
- Optimize: [http://localhost:8083](http://localhost:8083)
- Identity: [http://localhost:8084](http://localhost:8084)
- Elasticsearch: [http://localhost:9200](http://localhost:9200)

> Log in to Keycloak using user: `admin` and password: `admin` to manager users.

Reviewer: Minor UX comment: is there a technical need to have separate passwords between keycloak and camunda? People already have dozens of passwords from other accounts

Reviewer 2: Good point - Lets make this a follow up question to unblock this PR!

Reviewer 2: --> https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform/issues/1085

Reviewer: So there's no technical need, but you recommend not changing it. OK

> Log in to Keycloak using user: `admin` and password: `admin` to manager users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Keycloak using user: `admin` and password: `admin` to manage users.
```
typo

The workflow engine Zeebe is available using gRPC at `localhost:26500`.

### Stopping the Environment

```
docker compose down -v
```

Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, along with Optimize require a separate network from Identity as you'll see in the docker-compose file.

### Minimal Setup 

This minimal setup does not include Optimize, Identity, Web Modeler and Keycloak:

```
docker compose -f docker-compose-core.yaml up -d
```

### Deploying BPMN diagrams

In addition to the local environment setup with docker compose, use the [Camunda Desktop Modeler](#desktop-modeler) to locally model BPMN diagrams for execution and directly deploy them to your local environment.

> You can also [use Web Modeler](#web-modeler-self-managed).

Reviewer: Thanks for cleaning this up
